---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sealedsecret Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sealedsecret Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **kubernetes** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Kubernetes configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kubernetes))

### Optional

- **controller_name** (String) The name of the sealed-secret-controller.
- **controller_namespace** (String) The namespace the controller is running in.
- **git** (Block List, Max: 1) Git repository credentials to where the sealed secret should be stored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git))

<a id="nestedblock--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes`

Required:

- **client_certificate** (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- **client_key** (String) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- **cluster_ca_certificate** (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- **host** (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of Kubernetes master.


<a id="nestedblock--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git`

Required:

- **token** (String, Sensitive) Token to be used for the basic auth.
- **url** (String) URL to the repository.
- **username** (String) Username to be used for the basic auth.

Optional:

- **gitlab** (Boolean) If set to true the provider will create a merge request from source branch to target branch. This is currently supported for Gitlab.
- **source_branch** (String) Name of the branch to be used. If the branch does not exist it will be created.
- **target_branch** (String) Name of the branch that should be merged to. Gitlab value must be set to true in order to create a merge request.
